# Program-1-STEM-103
(Finished code inside of main)
We split up the project into three parts of the requirements. 1st two bullet points were done by Arnav Pillay, next bullet point was done by romel Palayon, user needing to do something was made by all members of the group. The last bullet point was completed by Ryan Bell, as well as the while loops.

The program is a fantasy-based text game, first asks if the user would like to play the game with the input of yes or no. Next, the user is asked to input their name as well as the character of their choosing. Each input the user enters is followed with a "Press Enter to Continue" command. Pausing the game before continuing on to the next question. Lastly, the user is asked to choose a pathway based on their interest in schooling major for the EvCC website. After they choose the pathway it will lead to a recommended list of classes the user should take based on their pathway interest. After completing the game the user is asked if they want to play again and is asked to input the same question from the start yes to play again or no to exit the game. 

# Use of AI in Education
Our research was on AI in Education and what we found was interesting. AI was found to be beneficial for students and teachers as well as negative for both sides. AI comes with some cool tools such as personalized learning, catering to a student's questions, and giving them further feedback and answers to anything that may cause some confusion. This also works for the teacher's side of using AI by making their lives easier in Automated grading and feedback to the students. Giving teachers more time to focus on teaching the students and taking the workload off of grading. The use of AI in Education is really helpful when used well and in basic terms gives people a lighter workload and helpful feedback.

Of course with almost everything AI can be seen as a double-edged sword. While it can help students and teachers in helping them with feedback on work and being helpful on grading to their students. AI can be used in a way that causes everyone in the education system to rely on this lighter work and fall out of the habit of doing the work that may seem tedious. Using AI more and more without doing much thinking for yourself would negatively affect your thinking and cause you as a student or as a teacher to become lazy and use AI as a crutch. The use of AI in the Education system can be nice and helpful, but could also have some negative effects on learning and your mindset of the work by using AI as a crutch. 

# Sources:
1. Cardona, Miguel A., et al. Artificial Intelligence and the Future of Teaching and Learning Insights and Recommendations. Office of Educational Technology, May 2023.
2. Goel, A. K., & Joyner, D. A. (2017). Using AI to Teach AI: Lessons from an Online AI Class. AI Magazine, 38(2), 48. https://doi.org/10.1609/aimag.v38i2.2732
3. Guilherme, Alex. “Ai and Education: The Importance of Teacher and Student Relations - Ai & Society.” SpringerLink, Springer London, 4 Feb. 2017, link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00146-017-0693-8.
4. Niemi, Hannele. “AI in Learning.” Journal of Pacific Rim Psychology, vol. 15, Jan. 2021, p. 183449092110381, https://doi.org/10.1177/18344909211038105.
5‌. Dogan, Murat Ertan, et al. “The Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Online Learning and Distance Education Processes: A Systematic Review of Empirical Studies.” Applied Sciences, vol. 13, no. 5, 1 Jan. 2023, p. 3056, www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/13/5/3056, https://doi.org/10.3390/app13053056.
